README.md, before:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_17 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Elixir](#elixir)
* [Git](#Git)
* [Rails](#Rails)
* [Shell](#shell)
* [Vim](#vim)

---

## Elixir

- [Pattern Matching](elixir/pattern_matching.md)

## Git

- [Git add --patch not indexed files](git/git_add_patch_not_indexed_files.md)
- [See changes in file to commit ignoring indent changes](git/git_diff_cached.md)

## Rails

- [Display url helpers in console](rails/display_url_helpers.md)

## Shell

- [Quickly switch to branch with fzf](shell/quick_git_branch_switcher_with_fzf.md)

## Vim

- [Don't forget all the shortcut in insert mode](vim/shortcuts_in_insert_mode.md)
- [Don't open the first result when searching with Ag.vim](vim/don_t_open_first_result_wih_ag.md)
- [Leave Gdiff view but keep windows open](vim/leave_gitdiff_view.md)
- [Quickly add ; or , at the end of lines](vim/quickly_add_char_at_the_end_of_the_line.md)
- [Quickly remove the quickfix window](vim/quickly_remove_the_quickfix_window.md)
- [Silently redo ctags](vim/silently_redo_ctags.md)
- [Swap windows after horizontal split](vim/swap_windows_after_horizontal_split.md)
- [Switch to spec file with rails.vim](vim/switch_to_spec_file_with_railsvim.md)
- [Search word under cursor with Ag](vim/search_word_under_cursor.md)
- [Split lines with dots](vim/split_lines_with_dots.md)
- [Track performance issues](vim/track_performance_issues.md)
- [Vim relative line toggle](vim/relative_line_numbers_toggle.md)
- [Yank relative file path with line number](vim/yank_relative_file_path_wih_l_number.md)


### Thanks

- [Josh Branchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud)
- [Thoughtbot](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)


#### Tips for editing this file

In Vim, first create the file in the list. Then jump into the `filename.md`
then to `:e <cfile>`.

Commit message:

[Vim] Delete til previous or next line

README.md, after:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_18 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Elixir](#elixir)
* [Git](#Git)
* [Rails](#Rails)
* [Shell](#shell)
* [Vim](#vim)

---

## Elixir

- [Pattern Matching](elixir/pattern_matching.md)

## Git

- [Git add --patch not indexed files](git/git_add_patch_not_indexed_files.md)
- [See changes in file to commit ignoring indent changes](git/git_diff_cached.md)

## Rails

- [Display url helpers in console](rails/display_url_helpers.md)

## Shell

- [Quickly switch to branch with fzf](shell/quick_git_branch_switcher_with_fzf.md)

## Vim

- [Delete from the current line to the previous](vim/delete_to_previous_line.md)
- [Don't forget all the shortcut in insert mode](vim/shortcuts_in_insert_mode.md)
- [Don't open the first result when searching with Ag.vim](vim/don_t_open_first_result_wih_ag.md)
- [Leave Gdiff view but keep windows open](vim/leave_gitdiff_view.md)
- [Quickly add ; or , at the end of lines](vim/quickly_add_char_at_the_end_of_the_line.md)
- [Quickly remove the quickfix window](vim/quickly_remove_the_quickfix_window.md)
- [Silently redo ctags](vim/silently_redo_ctags.md)
- [Swap windows after horizontal split](vim/swap_windows_after_horizontal_split.md)
- [Switch to spec file with rails.vim](vim/switch_to_spec_file_with_railsvim.md)
- [Search word under cursor with Ag](vim/search_word_under_cursor.md)
- [Split lines with dots](vim/split_lines_with_dots.md)
- [Track performance issues](vim/track_performance_issues.md)
- [Vim relative line toggle](vim/relative_line_numbers_toggle.md)
- [Yank relative file path with line number](vim/yank_relative_file_path_wih_l_number.md)


### Thanks

- [Josh Branchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud)
- [Thoughtbot](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)


#### Tips for editing this file

In Vim, first create the file in the list. Then jump into the `filename.md`
then to `:e <cfile>`.
